1. No hateful or discriminating comments against any group or race or gender in your OOC or other sections of your profile. (This applies to every group race and gender.)
Any hateful discussion in ARP chat will lead to an immediate strike.

2. Post Appropriately
Make sure to use NSFW or triggering tags on images or content that is commonly triggering or could be considered NSFW.
Do not post IRL pictures of yourself or realistic AI-generated images (even non-NSFW) anywhere on Absolute Roleplay.
Any character that (within US California law) can be viewed as underage or indisputably looks like a child must never be depicted in NSFW images or content.

3. No IRL politics or social stances regardless of what stance you are taking in your RP profiles or ARP chat. Keep them IC. (This does not apply to your OOC section)

4. If there is something you don't like seeing in someone's profile, but it is not against our ToS / is not illegal, the solution is usually simple, don't look at it.

5. Do not list on external sites or any sort of media, lists of player profiles you personally deem to be people not to interact with.
If you are found to be creating such a list or posting it in any sort of manner you will get you banned with no option to appeal.

6. Having a profile in game does not mean you can share the same content in discord. Do not by any means post NSFW or Triggering content in the discord or spoilers of any sort. All characters in any setting NSFW must be of age.

7. This plugin may not be a safe space for /everyone, it is simply a place where everyone is welcome. 
If you find yourself uncomfy with others on the platform, treat it as any in game interaction and do not engage.

8. Do not post illegal content in any form on any of our platforms under US California Law.

The ARP Team will do their utmost to make sure the majority of people are welcome and feel safe on our platform.
If someone is found breaking the rules / ToS, they will be issued a warning first, then up to two strikes past that.
If the conduct continues and a third strike is given, the account is banned.
If an account is found under a serious offense, it is immediately suspended or banned depending on the offense.
Suspensions can be appealed whereas bans can not.
